README.md, before:

# FreshCut Roblox SDK

The FreshCut Roblox SDK is a file that you can insert into your Roblox game. It acts as an interface, allowing your game to communicate with FreshCut's backend servers. With this SDK, you can access various types of information and services provided by FreshCut, such as account information, game stats, and more, all from within your Roblox game.

### Installation

---

Secret:

- You will need to contact a FreshCut team member to receive your FreshCut External API key, which will need to be placed into your app’s secret store.
- [Click here for more information on how to do this.](https://create.roblox.com/docs/reference/engine/datatypes/Secret)
- As this SDK requires a Secret, it will NOT work on local builds. Please add a bypass case in your app’s code when your are testing locally.

Files included:

- FreshCutSDK.lua
    - The base file used for communicating with FreshCut’s backend, and technically the only file needed from us for things to work. You will place this file into `ServerScriptService`
        - You will need to create `RemoteEvent` files specifically named as each event from FreshCutSDK you’d like to use. Currently, the only event available is `FC_GetProfileDetailsEvent`. Put this file inside of `ReplicatedStorage`.
- FC_GetProfileDetailsEvent_Client_Example.lua
    - An example client script for interfacing with the SDK. There is a both an event dispatcher function and a listener function included. Place this file inside of `StarterPlayer/StarterPlayerScripts`.

### Usage

---

Detailed information is included in the example file above, but the basic use case is to dispatch the event sometime in your app, then use the listener to examine a user’s FreshCut user data (if it exists). The returned data is as follows:

```graphql
{
  		id
  		username
  		bio
  		role
  		isFeatured
  		firstVideoPublishedDate
  		profileImageUrl
  		backgroundImageUrl
  		videoCount
  		likesCount
  		viewsCount
  		followersCount
  		followingCount
  		socials {
  		  type
        url
      	count
      }
}
```

Commit message:

Update README.md links to Secrets documentation

README.md, after:

# FreshCut Roblox SDK

The FreshCut Roblox SDK is a file that you can insert into your Roblox game. It acts as an interface, allowing your game to communicate with FreshCut's backend servers. With this SDK, you can access various types of information and services provided by FreshCut, such as account information, game stats, and more, all from within your Roblox game.

### Installation

---

Secret:

- You will need to contact a FreshCut team member to receive your FreshCut External API key, which will need to be placed into your app’s secret store.
- See [this Roblox Devforum article](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/secrets-store-general-availability/2892154) for a guide to setting up and using [Secrets](https://create.roblox.com/docs/reference/engine/datatypes/Secret)
- As this SDK requires a Secret, it will NOT work on local builds. Please add a bypass case in your app’s code when your are testing locally.

Files included:

- FreshCutSDK.lua
    - The base file used for communicating with FreshCut’s backend, and technically the only file needed from us for things to work. You will place this file into `ServerScriptService`
        - You will need to create `RemoteEvent` files specifically named as each event from FreshCutSDK you’d like to use. Currently, the only event available is `FC_GetProfileDetailsEvent`. Put this file inside of `ReplicatedStorage`.
- FC_GetProfileDetailsEvent_Client_Example.lua
    - An example client script for interfacing with the SDK. There is a both an event dispatcher function and a listener function included. Place this file inside of `StarterPlayer/StarterPlayerScripts`.

### Usage

---

Detailed information is included in the example file above, but the basic use case is to dispatch the event sometime in your app, then use the listener to examine a user’s FreshCut user data (if it exists). The returned data is as follows:

```graphql
{
  		id
  		username
  		bio
  		role
  		isFeatured
  		firstVideoPublishedDate
  		profileImageUrl
  		backgroundImageUrl
  		videoCount
  		likesCount
  		viewsCount
  		followersCount
  		followingCount
  		socials {
  		  type
        url
      	count
      }
}
```
